Fix style in the v3 (unreleased) changelog (#1513)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

##### If you’re using Nunjucks

> 1. Change your `nunjucks.configure` object so that the only GOV.UK Frontend directory it contains is `node_modules/govuk-frontend/`:

Reviewer: I believe nunjucks.configure is a 'function' to be specific.

To be accurate this should probably be `Change your `nunjucks.configure` options`

Author: Ah great, thanks. I think 'function' works best, if that works for you?

Reviewer 2: You're not really changing the function, you're just changing what you pass to it.

How about something like:

```suggestion
1. Change the list of paths passed to `nunjucks.configure` so that the only GOV.UK Frontend path is `node_modules/govuk-frontend/`
```

?

For reference, this is how Nunjucks documentation talks about the configure function:
https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#configure

Author: Sounds good, but could we tweak to 'Change the list of paths in...'?

Reviewer 2: For sure, happy for you to revise further as you see fit! :+1:

Author: Ace, thanks - this is amended in https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/1513/commits/46b32a88c1b7da1af2ba697a405dec8a242431ca.

The focus state of components now meets the new WCAG 2.1 level AA requirements.

> You must update your component’s focus state to make your design is consistent with our new focus styles.

Reviewer: I think this 'is' might be a mistake.

Author: Oops, yes, sorry - I introduced this error. Will fix.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/1513/commits/46b32a88c1b7da1af2ba697a405dec8a242431ca.
